Anderson once again he comes in he has a
baseball cap on and one thing you always
look at only you mentioned this last
week he looks an awful lot like you I
mean there's a obvious resemblance there
within the family well I guess he should
since we're first cousins it would only
make sense that we'd look alike and I'm
seeing that we wrestle a lot of like - I
like the aggressive style you know in
the past week I had a couple of people
come up to me and wanted to ask me about
some of comets well just like you did
that I've made well everything I say is
predicated on the knowledge that I have
about wrestling and I would have to say
that it's considerable in this case
right here I look at Arn Anderson and
then well I'm very pleasantly surprised
I'm very impressed and I might say I'm
kind of happy to see that he's in the
family he is a strong young individual
right now though Jean legen working on
him with a headlock Arn Anderson trying
to hold on here you know you look at it
as many times that I've been in holes
and things like that and I well just
like their Jean ligand mighta thought he
had something but certainly all he's got
is the other end of Arn Anderson iron
was in control the whole time no doubt
about it just planning what he was gonna
do next sure I told you last week I said
you've got to look five six seven maybe
ten moves ahead
Jean Ligon was moving one move at a time
it wasn't enough and we talked about
this last week the the Anderson family
they mean wrestling and of course Arn
Anderson comes into a match as as Olli
would or it or anybody else in the
Anderson family knowing exactly what
you're gonna move move after move what
you're gonna do you have the whole match
plotted out mapped out what you're gonna
do and it usually always it seems ends
up in a victory well you have to know
what you're gonna do it goes without
saying and it sounds so simple but you'd
be surprised how many people walk out
there and they're mesmerized by the
crowd they're intimidated by there
opponent and they suddenly realized a
lot of things that they've been saying
to themselves for their girlfriends to
their wives or whatever they have to
prove it now they're out there in the
spotlight in wrestling there one person
all by yourself not like football you
can blame the failure on 10 12 15 20 for
the people if you want baseball the same
way basketball a same way hockey the
same way but wrestling is the only sport
where that individual in the ring is
solely responsible for everything that
he does if he wins he wins because he's
better if he loses he loses because the
other man was better an Anderson just
doesn't know how to lose and I think
iron is carrying on a tradition
magnificently last time we saw her at
Anderson he worked on the arm and
eventually brought the arm of his
opponent now it seemed he's gone a
different approach he hasn't really
worked on the arm in this match well
think about it I'm sure a lot of people
have already heard about iron understand
bringing the arm now as this face
tasteful as that might be I think
everybody has to understand that in
wrestling somebody's gonna get hurt
that's the idea of the wrestling match
to begin with to defeat your opponent in
our case as Anderson's we used to always
say go ahead and give him a little taste
of punishment because that way they
won't come back that way they won't talk
about how good they could have done but
how they may do later on iron is
switching because a lot of people said
watch the arm watch the arm
gene Ligon is watching the arm Arn
Anderson is going to the head and doing
it quite well Arn Anderson there with a
big slam going up now towards the
turnbuckles
that time Jean Lincoln party he caught
him and now what he has to do is stay on
top of him but aren't anderson has
really had the upper hand in all of this
match no doubt about it aren't anderson
every bit as good as we had heard and of
course just carrying on the anderson
name holy no doubt about that and i says
here we go something i haven't seen the
kid has really got a couple of moves i
hope we can take a look at that again
because we mack on his face the way it
looked to me it looked like he was
setting him up for a vertical suplex but
then actually he reversed it to the
surprise